readme.md, before:

# SublimeEnhanced

Set of plugins for beloved sublime text editor.

This set of plugins were designed for 3 purposes:

  1. Mouseless usage of sublime
  2. Navigation (in code and files) improvement
  2. Common micro-tasks automation

For most people it will be convinient to cherry-pick one or two packages of
sublime-enhanced that will be useful for them. If you fill like hacker and have
a free day you can try full installation.


### Quick demos


##### sublime-method

![Demo](https://raw.github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-method/master/demo/demo.gif "Demo")


##### sublime-local-variable

![Demo](https://raw.github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-local-variable/master/demo/demo.gif "Demo")


##### sublime-join-assignment

![Demo](https://raw.github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-local-variable/master/demo/demo.gif "Demo")


### WARNING

Please read [readme-warning.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-warning.md),
[readme-usage.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-usage.md),
and [readme-keymap.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-keymap.md)
before full installation. Sublime-enhanced has a lot of unobviuos behavior and
keyboard shortcuts that replace default sublime's behavior. This information are
partially covered by this files.


### Please, donate!

Please, support this project by making a donation. You can download and use
everything for free but this does not mean that tips is not expected.

Please, read [readme-donations.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-donations.md)
if you considering making donation.


### Installation

- for full installation read [readme-installation.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-installation.md)
  file

- for cherry-pick plugin:
  - open command palette
  - type "install package"
  - enter package name
  - hit "enter"
  - wait


### Usage

In order to find out how to use sublime after sublime-enhanced installation
refer to [readme-usage.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-usage.md)
and [readme-keymap.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-keymap.md)


### Information reference

- Warnings that should be read before installation: [readme-warning.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-warning.md)

- For donators: reamde-donations.md

- A bit of explanations of sublime-enhanced: [readme-philosophy.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-philosophy.md)

- Main usecases overview: [readme-usage.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-usage.md)

- Full keymap: [readme-keymap.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-keymap.md)


### Todo

Packages that I want todo in future:

- KeymapConverter (convert your keymap to different locale to use keybindings
  when keyboard are switched to different locale)

- InsertSnippetEnhanced (snippets with multicursors)

- HtmlNavigation (goto into/out/over tag, append/detach tag to selection, select
  in tag or tag definition)

Commit message:

donators guide completed; installation readme fixed

readme.md, after:

# SublimeEnhanced

Set of plugins for beloved sublime text editor.

This set of plugins were designed for 3 purposes:

  1. Mouseless usage of sublime
  2. Navigation (in code and files) improvement
  2. Common micro-tasks automation

For most people it will be convinient to cherry-pick one or two packages of
sublime-enhanced that will be useful for them. If you fill like hacker and have
a free day you can try full installation.


### Quick demos


##### sublime-method

![Demo](https://raw.github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-method/master/demo/demo.gif "Demo")


##### sublime-local-variable

![Demo](https://raw.github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-local-variable/master/demo/demo.gif "Demo")


##### sublime-join-assignment

![Demo](https://raw.github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-local-variable/master/demo/demo.gif "Demo")


### WARNING

Please read [readme-warning.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-warning.md),
[readme-usage.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-usage.md),
and [readme-keymap.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-keymap.md)
before full installation. Sublime-enhanced has a lot of unobviuos behavior and
keyboard shortcuts that replace default sublime's behavior. This information are
partially covered by this files.


### Please, donate!

Please, support this project by making a donation. You can download and use
everything for free but this does not mean that tips is not expected.

Please, read [readme-donations.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-donations.md)
if you considering making donation.

[![Donate](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=GRYNNLPTV9BRG)

You also can help the project by opening pull requests or issues, or by staring
plugins you like.


### Installation

- for full installation read [readme-installation.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-installation.md)
  file

- for cherry-pick installation:
  - install package dependencies (listed in each package in "Dependencies
    sections") if any
  - open command palette
  - type "install package"
  - enter package name
  - hit "enter"
  - wait


### Usage

In order to find out how to use sublime after sublime-enhanced installation
refer to [readme-usage.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-usage.md)
and [readme-keymap.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-keymap.md)


### Information reference

- Warnings that should be read before installation: [readme-warning.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-warning.md)

- For donators: reamde-donations.md

- A bit of explanations of sublime-enhanced: [readme-philosophy.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-philosophy.md)

- Main usecases overview: [readme-usage.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-usage.md)

- Full keymap: [readme-keymap.md](https://github.com/shagabutdinov/sublime-enhanced/blob/master/readme-keymap.md)


### Todo

Packages that I want todo in future:

- KeymapConverter (convert your keymap to different locale to use keybindings
  when keyboard are switched to different locale)

- InsertSnippetEnhanced (snippets with multicursors)

- HtmlNavigation (goto into/out/over tag, append/detach tag to selection, select
  in tag or tag definition)
